README.md, before:

<!---
rayyanaamir22/rayyanaamir22 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

# Hello There! 

## About Me:
- 🇵🇰 x 🇨🇦
- Math, CS double major at the University of Toronto 🎓
- Specializing in AI/ML, keen on being a Data Scientist / ML Engineer 📈
- Also interested in Full-Stack Development, Distributed Systems, 3D Game Dev, Physics Simulation 👨‍🔬
- Play ⚽️ 🏀, and into motorsports too 🏎️ 

## Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/rayyan_aamir23) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/rayyan-aamir)

## GitHub Stats
<!--streak stats-->
<!--docs at https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/blob/master/readme.md#customization-->
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=rayyanaamir22&theme=nightowl&hide_border=true)
<!--language stats-->
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=rayyanaamir22&hide=jupyter%20notebook&theme=nightowl&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 💻 Tech Stack:

### 📝 Languages:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

### 📲 Frontend: 
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Threejs](https://img.shields.io/badge/threejs-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white)
![p5js](https://img.shields.io/badge/p5.js-ED225D?style=for-the-badge&logo=p5.js&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![JavaFX](https://img.shields.io/badge/javafx-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javafx&logoColor=white)

### 🛠️ Backend:
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens)

### 🧠 Machine Learning:
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white)
![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Keras&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencv-%23white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/r-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white)
![nVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/cuda-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nVIDIA&logoColor=green)
![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)

### 🧑‍🔬 Scientific:
![SciPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-%230C55A5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scipy&logoColor=%white)
![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/latex-%23008080.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=latex&logoColor=white)

### 🌐 Distributed Computing:
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)

### 🏦 Databases:
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)

### 🚛 DevOps:
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)

### 👾 Gaming:
![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white)
![OpenGL](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenGL-%23FFFFFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opengl)

### 🖥️ IDEs:
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio-5C2D91.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio&logoColor=white)
![Xcode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=Xcode&logoColor=white)
![IntelliJ IDEA](https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJIDEA-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white)
![PyCharm](https://img.shields.io/badge/pycharm-143?style=for-the-badge&logo=pycharm&logoColor=black&color=black&labelColor=green)
![Replit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Replit-DD1200?style=for-the-badge&logo=Replit&logoColor=white)
![Google Colab](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Colab-%23F9A825.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecolab&logoColor=white)

### 🎨 Design:
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white)

### 🧮 Project Management:
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white)
![Confluence](https://img.shields.io/badge/confluence-%23172BF4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=confluence&logoColor=white)

### 🔗 Version Control:
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white)
![Bitbucket](https://img.shields.io/badge/bitbucket-%230047B3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bitbucket&logoColor=white)




<!--## projects (TODO)-->

Commit message:

Update professional focus and current position
Removed mention of aspiring Data Scientist and added current role.

README.md, after:

<!---
rayyanaamir22/rayyanaamir22 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

# Hello There! 

## About Me:
- 🇵🇰 x 🇨🇦
- Math, CS double major at the University of Toronto 🎓
- Specializing in AI/ML 📈
- Currently working as an ML Engineer at Systems With Intelligence 🧬
- Also interested in Full-Stack Development, Distributed Systems, 3D Game Dev, Physics Simulation 👨‍🔬
- Play ⚽️ 🏀, and into motorsports too 🏎️ 

## Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/rayyan_aamir23) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/rayyan-aamir)

## GitHub Stats
<!--streak stats-->
<!--docs at https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/blob/master/readme.md#customization-->
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=rayyanaamir22&theme=nightowl&hide_border=true)
<!--language stats-->
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=rayyanaamir22&hide=jupyter%20notebook&theme=nightowl&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 💻 Tech Stack:

### 📝 Languages:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

### 📲 Frontend: 
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Threejs](https://img.shields.io/badge/threejs-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white)
![p5js](https://img.shields.io/badge/p5.js-ED225D?style=for-the-badge&logo=p5.js&logoColor=FFFFFF)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![JavaFX](https://img.shields.io/badge/javafx-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javafx&logoColor=white)

### 🛠️ Backend:
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens)

### 🧠 Machine Learning:
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white)
![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Keras&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencv-%23white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/r-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white)
![nVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/cuda-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nVIDIA&logoColor=green)
![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)

### 🧑‍🔬 Scientific:
![SciPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-%230C55A5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scipy&logoColor=%white)
![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/latex-%23008080.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=latex&logoColor=white)

### 🌐 Distributed Computing:
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)

### 🏦 Databases:
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)

### 🚛 DevOps:
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)

### 👾 Gaming:
![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white)
![OpenGL](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenGL-%23FFFFFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opengl)

### 🖥️ IDEs:
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio-5C2D91.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio&logoColor=white)
![Xcode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=Xcode&logoColor=white)
![IntelliJ IDEA](https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJIDEA-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white)
![PyCharm](https://img.shields.io/badge/pycharm-143?style=for-the-badge&logo=pycharm&logoColor=black&color=black&labelColor=green)
![Replit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Replit-DD1200?style=for-the-badge&logo=Replit&logoColor=white)
![Google Colab](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Colab-%23F9A825.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecolab&logoColor=white)

### 🎨 Design:
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white)

### 🧮 Project Management:
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white)
![Confluence](https://img.shields.io/badge/confluence-%23172BF4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=confluence&logoColor=white)

### 🔗 Version Control:
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white)
![Bitbucket](https://img.shields.io/badge/bitbucket-%230047B3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bitbucket&logoColor=white)




<!--## projects (TODO)-->
